hi everybody this is Windows game
reviews on YouTube this is the review
for race driver grid and we're gonna
have to do this review slightly
differently since this is an absolutely
massive game I could not possibly tell
you every single good thing about it and
because you've only got about six
minutes to do this in so I'm going to
tell you about two of the game modes in
this game the ups and the downs and what
I like about them we can even find
anything that I dislike about them at
all okay so the first one I'm going to
show you is called Pro tow gay and if
you're not familiar with tolgay and
basically it literally is the japanese
word for pass and the literal
translation would mean that it's the
mountain passes so it's those kind of
twisty turny roads up on the mountains
which we would call alpine slightly
different lots of hairpins good fun
perfect for racing or drifting whatever
and basically it's just em races with
really fast cars skyline supras 350z etc
on that kind of territory and then
you've got my time which is what is
shown here and which is the same thing
except pitch black except you can only
see the light from your car's headlights
pretty much and that just makes it that
little bit much more difficult
especially in the skyline I've got here
as the weight of this car is ridiculous
making very very hard to judge and
making this rather interesting this is a
it's a very very difficult very very
hardcore game mode this is for the kind
of people who take this you know pretty
seriously and it's not for people just
like to dip in and out of that kind of
thing but luckily as in earlier since
this is such a huge game and there is a
game mode to suit basically everybody so
tell me about wonder suit kind of more
casual gamers this one here if you
haven't already noticed is demolition
derby which is very very fun I
absolutely love this basically if you
haven't heard demolition derby and it's
like a race just on a plane eighth
circuit or slightly more complicated
circuit and it's basically anything goes
you know you're in these Bangor racers
old American muscle cars and you are
allowed to do anything you want smashing
the other cars break them knock the
wheels off whatever and this is
absolutely just brilliant fun especially
online you know if you got eight or nine
people on this kind of thing it is just
insanity and this is you know much more
for people who just like to dip in and
out as i said earlier m and the really
good thing about this game just to
finish off is that you know i've shown
you two of the game modes there are
about 12 or 14 or more and any one of
those could have been passed off as a
perfectly good game in its own right and
so think of it this way because there's
so many game modes in this you're
basically getting 14 or 15 games for the
price of one that's really what it comes
down to it's that deep and good game own
will suit absolutely everybody
so anyways you've heard awesome of these
now so thanks for watching and just
finish off we're going to show a quick
clip all different scenes from the game
thanks
you